DOCS: add dev standards section (#306)
pass-culture/pass-culture-app-native: README.md

### Android: No value has been specified for property 'manifestOutputDirectory'

In Android Studio: File > Settings > Experimental > Gradle -> uncheck "Only sync the active variant" checkbox.

## Documentation

### Dev standards

> In doc/ folder you will find `dev standards` on which teams is aligned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `doc/` folder you will find the `dev standards` the team members follow.
```

Standards can of course be improved and new ones can be added.

To do so:

> - Create a pull request with the standard modification/addition (use TEMPLATE.md for addition)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a pull request with the standard modification/addition (use `TEMPLATE.md` for addition)
```

> - Ask **all** teams members to read your PR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Ask **all** team members to read your PR
```

>   | Why: all team is aligned on the way to code, and the best way to do something is shared within all team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --> Why: so that the team is aligned on how to code, and the best way to do something is shared within all members
```

> - Make sure you got the approval of every member of the team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Make sure you got the approval of every member of the team
```

> - You can merge :)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. You can merge :)
```
